[Music]
hi everyone that welcome to the kitchen
I'm Juliet and today I'm going to show
you how to make some really fun animal
face toasts they're really fun just to
make and have fun with but then of
course you get to eat them all
afterwards
[Music]
I'll show you first of all how to make
mr. snowy owl so toast adduction bread
and I'm just gonna use a butter knife
and just spread all over I'm gonna make
my look nice and neat so I'm just gonna
pick up my toast and just go all the way
around the edges as well just so I've
got the whole piece covered so the first
thing to do is create the base for his
big eyes so I'm just taking a bit of
pepper and just um I've got a serrated
knife so if you've got really little
kids and you've they were chopping you
can do it for them but all the kids they
can just be cracking on without
themselves so I'm just gonna show you
off a couple of pieces roughly the same
size but I quite like it to look a bit
kind of crazy they've done with pigs axe
and I just pop them on that's the base
is big eyes I'm just gonna cut off the
end it with an olive so there's the eyes
and then he's happy as little beak so
for that I'm just gonna take another
olive and cut it down lengthwise and
then I'm just going to cut up shape it
into a point and I go to a really really
good little pinky shape it looks really
cool like this I'm going to put on my
plate silence so I know that I've kind
of like the febri bits at the top so I'm
just gonna put some of those on so with
this type of thing if you're being the
artistic or see things like fruit and
veg bread
you can also thing use things like mixi
it's very good for tiny details there we
go so there's mr. owl
that's the first one so the next one
we're gonna make is mr. monkey and I
thought I'm doing him unavailable
because they're round it's a fun shape
to work with
as you can see what's a baked will have
it's got a little hole so I'm gonna just
rectify that by trimming off a little
bit off the back I can kind of create a
magical Begley Bridge that's gonna go
over there you see so
nice and flat get round then stick that
in place and now it's time to load up
nice I'm just using a palette knife here
but you can just use a bus a knife or
spoon even I'm just going round and
round like completely covered my bagel
in the nutty chocolate spread so that's
your base and this one's nice and easy
so I'm just gonna do a couple of bananas
for the ears now
so for the ears I'm just gonna chop off
a tiny bit of each banana and just put
them in the middle of the bagel about
halfway down switch it in the chocolate
and then his mouth I'm just gonna cut up
a nama in half a little bit the cap in
between so it looks like he's kind of
going and then for the eyes I'm just
going to use two blueberries on the
bishop's I've got kind of like that's
one side bits got a tiny dot on one side
that's got more detail so it's a bit
more suitable for the front of the eyes
so there we go so I'm just gonna chop
that in half
ah hello mr. monkey right I'm gonna get
rid of these two and clear away and show
you how to make my next one and I think
I'm going to show you how to make the
fish so I'm using a bit of cream cheese
just to stick this on right onto mr.
fish so I'm just gonna take my cheese
and I'm gonna put back just kind of up
against one edge doesn't have to be the
neat bit so I just need some cucumber so
I've got some sliced cucumber and I'm
gonna cut me in half so the first thing
I'm going to do is create a tail at the
end so I'm going to take two pieces and
just tuck it underneath the cheese just
a little angle so that's kind of tail
and I'm gonna build it up from the back
towards the face overlap the two
semicircles a coupon just kind of create
that sky effects so it is that and that
looks pretty effective so you can use
anything you want the eyes but I quite
like the using bit of carrot because
it's quite a nice bright color so I'm
just going to put bit carrot there and
I'm gonna use a bit of an olive you know
I'm getting a little smile so I'm just
neither a bit for tomorrow I'm just
making little smile because I like to
think of the fish in the sea being all
Jolly there he is
right I'm gonna get rid of these and
show you how to make this little kid one
how sweet that a chick all you're gonna
need for him is a baby boy I've done
another round one because he looks way
too cute and chubby and I'm going to use
a slice of cheddar and some carrot and
some olive and bit of Queen case of
sticking the first thing to do is just
add a little bit of cream cheese to
stick much better on and I'm just going
to use a round cookie cutter
a nice circle it's gonna fit on the top
of my bagel now don't need these bits
because we're gonna use them pop that
onto your baby ball so I'm just gonna
take the offcuts and just trim so I've
got two triangles I'm just gonna place
those just underneath the circle of G's
and that's gonna create these little
wings and I think chicks always look
cute with a fluffy bit on top of their
head so I'm also going to use some of
these just to create a few little spiky
bits and now I'm going to use some
carrots to create the features and the
feet so I'm just going to take two
carrots for his little feet and just for
the knife I'm just gonna kind of cut
it's all bees and if he is mouth I'm
just gonna take a carrot and cut it in
half the same way I did for the monkey
face just straight down the middle and
clean it just because it's not so cute
so the final bit we use my table it's
just something made it the most
realistic I'm just gonna tiny couple of
bits okay so now I'm going to show you
how to make mrs. bear and this one's
really really easy to do it's simply
peanut butter bananas glue blueberries
and just make a nice kind of surf or in
the middle of your toast there's the
base and all we need to do is have two
little burn on areas and two three
breathe for the eyes and not a banana
for the nose and I'm gonna use another
piece of DubLi
so look at how easy is that kugel Beth
okay it's time for our last one and it's
our froggy friend here is so I'll show
you how to create him I've just got some
miniature cheese so I'm just gonna
unwrap this and I'm just going to trim
off the bottom of my cheese and then I'm
gonna just cut it down in half I'm gonna
use a bit of pepper for the mouth I feel
the bread mouth a bit quite nice that's
my smile
okay so I've just finely mashed a right
avocado in the book and I've also mashed
in some lime juice to that so it doesn't
go Brown and just get it completely
covering so I can't see any of the
toasty edges and I'm just gonna put on
my eyes just saw up at the top corner
and I sort of press it in a bit so it
looks like they're kind of set within
[Music]
Carlos oh there he is
look at those loads of inspiration for
you so you can get cracking get creative
and make your animal photos I'd love to
see pictures so if you do share them use
a hashtag to stay home and get cooking
and enjoy yourselves
[Music]